docs(readme): refactor readme for custom element definition usage #156 (#158)
AlaskaAirlines/auro-hyperlink: README.md

`<auro-hyperlink>` is a wrapper components for an HTML `<a>` element containing styling and behavior.

### hyperlink use cases

The `<auro-hyperlink>` elements should be used in situations where users may:

* stand-alone link element for navigation
* inline link element for navigation
* optional role as button when hyperlink UI is needed for submit action

## UI development browser support

For the most up to date information on [UI development browser support](https://auro.alaskaair.com/support/browsersSupport)

## Installation and Use

> Installation and use of auro-hyperlink can be done as either a <a href="#js-import">JS Import</a> or using the <a href="#cdn-use">bundled CDN asset</a>, then <a href="#using-the-custom-element">reference the Custom Element</a> in your HTML.

Author: Yes but we don't have to do it. The `marked` md -> HTML converter adds IDs to all heading elements automatically.

#### Install

Include the following HTML code in the `<head>` element of your page.

```html
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://unpkg.com/@alaskaairux/design-tokens@latest/dist/tokens/CSSCustomProperties.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://unpkg.com/@alaskaairux/webcorestylesheets@latest/dist/bundled/essentials.css" />

<script src="https://unpkg.com/@aurodesignsystem/auro-hyperlink@latest/dist/auro-hyperlink__bundled.js" type="module"></script>
```

**NOTE:** Be sure to replace `@latest` in the URL with the version of the asset you want. @latest is NOT aware of any MAJOR releases, use at your own risk.

### Using the custom element

After the web component is imported by JavaScript or CDN, reference the component in HTML.

<!-- AURO-GENERATED-CONTENT:START (CODE:src=./apiExamples/basic.html) -->
<!-- The below code snippet is automatically added from ./apiExamples/basic.html -->
```html
<auro-hyperlink>Hello World</auro-hyperlink>
```
<!-- AURO-GENERATED-CONTENT:END -->

Review the <a href="https://auro.alaskaair.com/components/auro/hyperlink/api">API documentation</a> for advanced uses and examples.

### Limitations and Risks

> When multiple microsites are combined and result in a custom element being imported more than once, only the first instance of the imported custom element is used. All subsequent attempts to load the custom element will fail. If a microsite loaded into the document subsequently attempts to load a new version of the component with an updated API, it will fail to load. This can result in unexpected API functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When multiple micro frontends are combined and result in a custom element being imported more than once, only the first instance of the imported custom element is used. All subsequent attempts to load the custom element will fail. If a micro frontend loaded into the document subsequently attempts to load a new version of the component with an updated API, it will fail to load. This can result in unexpected API functionality.
```

"Microsites" is not really a term. It's an internally invented phrase. The more common reference is micro frontends.

For a detailed explanation of this issue, see this article: https://dev.to/florianrappl/versioning-web-components-3bda

### Recommended Use and Version Control

> There are two important parts of every Auro Component. The <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes">class</a> and the Custom Element. The class is exported and then used as part of defining the Custom Element. When importing this component as described in the <a href="#install">install</a> section, the class is imported and the `auro-hyperlink` custom element is defined automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two important parts of every Auro component. The <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes">class</a> and the custom clement. The class is exported and then used as part of defining the Web Component. When importing this component as described in the <a href="#install">install</a> section, the class is imported and the `auro-hyperlink` custom element is defined automatically.
```

Do we not need an ID for this anchor link in the paragraph?

To protect from versioning conflicts with other instances of the component being loaded, it is recommended to use our `registerComponent(name)` method and pass in a unique name.

```js
import { AuroHyperlink } from './node_modules/@aurodesignsystem/auro-hyperlink';

registerComponent('custom-hyperlink');
```

> This will create a new custom element that you can use in your html that will function identical to `auro-hyperlink`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will create a new custom element that you can use in your HTML that will function identically to the `auro-hyperlink` element.
```
